            HARE KRISHNA 
            HARE KRISHNA 
        KRISHNA KRISHNA
                HARE HARE 
                 HARE RAMA
                  HARE RAMA 
                 RAMA RAMA 
                 HARE HARE 


lila , guna , yuga , manu , manvatara , saktyavesha , purusa - abatar of krishna
sanaka , sanatana -  





'but whatever  work is best suited for him according to Guna, that type of Work or Profession one should accept.'- how can i find it prabhu



But you have to fix up your mind in something which you cannot reject.
 That is only the lotus feet of Kṛṣṇa. If you fix up your mind on the lotus feet of Kṛṣṇa,
 then your mind cannot go elsewhere. You practice it and you'll see it. Sa vai manaḥ kṛṣṇa-padāravindayoḥ [SB 9.4.18].

Therefore Ambarīṣa Mahārāja fixed up his mind always... 
Our Kṛṣṇa consciousness movement means we are teaching our student how to fix up the mind always in Kṛṣṇa, some way or other.
 That is the first-class yoga system. And Kṛṣṇa also advise...

[break] ...feet, and pray, bhajate: "Kṛṣṇa, I am Your eternal servant. Kindly again engage me in Your service.
 Somehow or other, without being engaged in Your service, I have been dragged to the service of māyā.

Service I am going. I am rendering service. Because I am eternal servant, therefore my serving process is going on.
But where it is going on? I am serving my lust, I am serving my anger, I am serving my greediness. So that means,
 in one word, I am serving my sense gratification. So kindly help me. Instead of serving my sense gratification, let me serve
 Your sense gratification." 


So sannyāsa means perfectly no more sex life. Vāna... It begins from vānaprastha, retired.
 It is taught in the brahmacārī. Only in the gṛhastha, restricted sex life; only for begetting nice children.
 Otherwise, no sex life. Dharma aviruddhaḥ kāmo 'smi [Bg. 7.11], in the Bhagavad-gītā. 
Dharma aviruddhaḥ means only for getting nice children one should have sex; otherwise no.
 And in another place it is restricted that one should not become father, one should not become mother,
 if the parents cannot give protection to the children from the danger of birth, death, old age and disease.
 This is Vedic contraception, that if you are competent to give instruction to your children how to avoid the cycle of birth,
 death, old age and disease, then you become father. 
Otherwise don’t become father, don’t become mother.